General notes on the usage of this particular machine.

- Bed has a lot of thermal mass and takes a while to "soak" and get to temp. When changing to a different plate, be sure to run Mesh Level (G29 or from the compensation & calibration dashboard dropdown) to generate a heightmap - but only do so **after** you've given the bed several minutes to fully heat up, even after it already reads the desired temperature in the interface. The thermistor is on the bottom of the bed, but it takes a bit for the heat to reach the top.
- U axis is the tool coupler. DO NOT ever use the jog buttons for that axis. Sadly there's no way to disable them. If you need to manually lock/unlock a tool use the macros in the `Coupler` macros folder.
- You can disable or dim the lights with the macros in the `Lights` folder.
- X & Y homing is "sensorless" by detecting motor stall when the axis hits the end of travel. It sounds bad but it's fine and normal operation. 
- When you home all axis the first thing it does is "home" the tool coupler so unless you look behind the carriage head it will seem like it's not doing anything for a few seconds. This is normal.
- Never turn off the machine without docking the tool first. As noted above the first thing it does is home the coupler - this WILL drop the tool uncerimoniously onto the bed if there's still a tool attached. If you start up the machine and there's still a tool attached, go to the `Coupler` macros folder. And choose `homec` WHILE HOLDING ONTO THE TOOL. This will home the coupler and then unlock it. You can then manually place the tool on the doc.
- For the hemera tools (T0 and T1) just load/unload them as you normally would a direct drive extruder using the extrusion controls on the Duet interface. When unloading it's recommended to first extrude about 10mm @ 5mm/s and then retract 100mm @ 50mm/s (these are both values on the UI) and be ready to pull it out. I've had the hemera try to wrap the still molten tail of the filament back around the drive gears and get jammed. unlikely but possible.
- For the volcano/titan aero tools go to the `Filament` macro folder and use the 2 stage load/unload scripts. The first load pushes ~700mm of filament through the bowden tube. The second does the final load into the hotend. The unloads do the reverse.
- I typically used the machine as 4 separate printers and only used a single extruder at once. If you want to use all 4 on the same print you'll likely need to calibrate the XYZ offset of each nozzle so they match between tools. But the Z offsets alone should be pretty close for just normal printing - I will sometimes tweak a little bit at the beginning of a print with the baby stepping feature.
- This repo contains my PrusaSlicer data directory for all of my existing ToolChanger profiles. Once you've downloaded this repo you can point PrusaSlicer at that folder with the --data-dir option.
- As noted above, I use PrusaSlicer - it works for multi-tool but only really if all tools are the same nozzle size. Note that I have print profiles with 0.6mm or 1.0mm in the name. These are required for using T2 and T3 (the Volcanos) because the print profile includes extrusion width which needs to be changed for each nozzle size and is why you cannot easily use multiple sizes in a single print.
- I have a filament profile named "Extruder Off" - set this for each tool not being used and it will keep that tool from heating up in standby mode. Unless that tool had already been previously used since the last time the printer was power cycled. But you can just change the temp of that tool after the print starts.
- For T2 and T3 you can mount the spool inside the printer since you have to go through the bowden tubes. For T0 and T1 I always just hung spools on the wall above the printer.
- To upload prints you will need to get the machine onto your wifi network. See here: https://docs.duet3d.com/en/How_to_guides/Getting_connected/Getting_connected_to_your_Duet  There is a USB-C port on the back if you need to make a direct USB connection but you can also send the commands via the PanelDue (the LCD touch screen on the front) console. Once one your network it will persist reboots.
- It's currently running firmware 3.1.1 which is a little old but it works and upgrading to newer would require redoing a LOT of the config for the machine. So do not upgrade the firmware unless you are willing to do that. 